Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Previously on From...
That thing I carried
inside me. I still feel it.
Stop!
I've connected
with that thing.
I controlled it.
I may finally have a way
that I can fight back.
Her heart rate is
19 beats per minute.
That's impossible.
Fatima shouldn't even
be alive right now.
Do you want to
stay here. Henry?
Yes. yes.
You have to forcibly disconnect.
You have to
eliminate the anchor.
So. the doctor wants me to
eliminate you. To kill you? No.
He's not real.
How could I?
Even if-- even if I wanted to.
The dream is gonna provide you
with everything that you need.
You just need to accept
it isn't real.
How can I do that?!
Do you know
who I really am?
The girl in the background.
she looks just like you.
That's because it is me.
We are standing right above
the cavern those
bones are buried in.
You wanna cut down the tree?
I wanna pull it out
by the roots.
Once you pull out that tree.
it's like opening a window.
Talismans or not. those things
are coming inside.
Whoever's in that tunnel
is gonna get slaughtered.
Once the bones
are out of the ground.
they'll keep
the chamber safe.
And then. we get 'em out
with the ladder
that they're putting
together at the. uh. diner.
The Bottle Tree.
are you pulling it down?
We need to make sure
that we can get our people
out of the tunnels safely.
No! You-- You can't do this.
You can't!
I'm gonna stop you!
No! No! No!
I am trying to help you!
- I know!
- I'm trying to help!
It needs to be
only me and Jade.
- What?
- We're the ones
who failed to save
those children.
Look at the talisman.
Who do you think
those people are?
We only get
to do this once.
And I think here.
in this place.
the way that
we do this matters.
They're in the chamber.
Let's get that truck
into position.
On the next signal.
we go.
Oh. Jesus.
Jade...
You know. you really
shouldn't be doing that.
No. no. Tabitha.
Hey. stay with me.
We're almost there.
Tabitha?
Here.
Come on. come on.
come on. come on. Come on.
Dad?
Just give 'em
a moment. okay?
It's just they've
been down there a while.
- Just--
- Okay.
Oh. Jesus.
Don't think about
what they are.
Just put them
in the bag.
Okay.
You guys! Come.
Get the rope ladder ready.
Okay. okay.
That chamber down there
becomes vulnerable
as soon as that
tree starts to give. 'Kay.
What's Plan B
if we can't pull the tree out?
There is no Plan B.
We should signal them
to pull the tree.
Not yet.
Why?
Because the second
that rope ladder drops.
you need to be ready
to go up with the bones.
What do you mean?
What are you talking about?
The bones have
to go up last!
They're the only thing
protecting the chamber
once the tree is out.
I lied.
There is nothing protecting the
chamber once the tree is out.
These bones won't
stop them from coming in.
What? No. no. you told me--
If Boyd realized
it wasn't safe.
he would've scrubbed
the whole thing.
- I couldn't let that happen.
- God damn it. Jade.
You need to finish this.
You need to break
this fucking cycle.
You go up the rope ladder
with both these bags.
I promise you
I will slow them down long
enough for you to get out.
Jade. please don't do this.
- Look--
- No.
Your children
deserve to go home.
Jade!
No. No. Jade.
No. Please don't do this.
Don't do this!
You know.
I'm glad it was you.
If I had to spend all of those
lifetimes with anyone.
I'm glad it was you.
Hey. that's it!
Start the truck! Go!
Okay! Let's go!
- There has to be another way!
- There isn't!
Give it more!
We gotta get
that thing down now! Go!
Oh. Jesus.
- Come on!
- Here we go. Get ready.
- Come on. Come on.
- Come on.
It's nice. all of us
being together again.
They can't come
into the light. Jade.
They can't come into the light!
Wait.
Grab that ladder! Come on!
- Let's go!
- Hey!
Tabitha!
Jade!
Tabitha! Jade!
You okay?
Jade...
Get that ladder down here!
Yeah! No!
Gimme that!
Give it to me!
We're both
getting outta here.
That's it. Got it.
- Okay.
- Go. Come on.
One step at a time.
Don't-- Don't look down.
That's it. Keep going!
Keep climbing!
Come on!
You got it!
You're right there.
Is it secure?
- It's secure.
- You got it?
Right.
keep climbing! Come on!
Tabitha. whoa!
Are you okay?
- It's okay.
- Oh. Jade.
It's all right.
No! Hey! You okay?!
Tabitha?!
Hey! Jade!
What the...?
- No. no. No.
- Oh. my God!
What the fuck
is happening?
Boyd?
I have no...
Oh. no!
No. no! No. no. no!
Oh. my God!
♪ When I was just a little boy ♪
♪ I asked my father ♪
♪ "What will I be?" ♪
♪ "Will I be handsome?" ♪
♪ "Will I be rich?" ♪
♪ Here's what he said to me ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ Whatever will be will be ♪
♪ The future's not ours to see ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ What will be will be ♪
♪ Now I have
children of my own ♪
♪ They ask their father ♪
♪ "What will I be?" ♪
♪ "Will I be pretty?" ♪
♪ "Will I be rich?" ♪
♪ I tell them tenderly ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ Whatever will be will be ♪
♪ The future's not ours to see ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ What will be will be ♪
Hey! Hey!
Hey!
Let me out! Please!
Please! Please!
Okay. wait. just wait!
Stop! Stop! Stop!
- No!
- Hold--
- You're safe here!
What is-- What's happening?
I know. I know!
I told you not to
pull down the tree!
Why didn't you listen?
Oh! Oh. Jesus.
Oh. no.
Oh. no. no.
No. no. no.
Jade!
Jade. over there! Come on.
Son of a bitch!
Let's go!
Come on. come on. let's go!
Tabitha?! Jade?!
We can't be out
in the open like this. man.
Tabitha!
I'm gonna need you to answer.
Jade?! Tabitha.
I need you to talk to me!
- Boyd. we gotta go.
- Get the chain from the truck.
- What?
- I'm going down there.
- You can't go down there.
- Get the fucking chain!
- No!
- No. no. we need to go.
- Please. we need to go now!
- Boyd!
I am not losing them.
If we don't leave now.
we're gonna lose everybody.
- Dad!
- We gotta go!
Boyd!
Dad?
- Fuck!
- Boyd!
Dad!
Everybody into
the vehicles! Now!
Go. go. go. come on! Go!
All right. let's go!
Randall. help me get
the chain off the truck!
Come on!
Get in the van now!
It's okay. it's okay!
It's okay. Patty! Patty!
No!
- Get in!
- Boyd. come on!
In! Let's go! Come on!
Kristi! Let's go!
- Come on...
- Get in!
- No! No!
- It's okay! It's okay!
- No. no. no! Go! Go!
- Let's go!
- Let's get out of here! Go!
- Come on!
Come on. Jade.
Okay. come!
Jade!
Keep going!
Oh. God!
Keep going! Keep going!
Keep going.
Go! Go. go. go. go!
Oh. my God.
No.
Jade!
Oh. God!
No! God damn it!
Oh. my God!
Fuck!
Hurry up! Hurry up!
They're coming!
Hurry up. please!
Hurry up! Hurry up!
Boyd. you better shut her
the fuck up back there!
Okay.
Hey. look. everybody. easy.
You're okay. Take it easy.
Listen. take--
take deep breaths. all right?
Take deep breaths.
You're gonna--
we're almost back to town.
We are--
It doesn't matter!
We made things worse.
We made this place angry!
Now. we're gonna be punished.
Listen to me!
We are going to be fine!
You are a liar!
You promised we'd go home!
Patty!
I can't!
I can't do this.
I don't wanna
be here anymore.
- Look out!
- Oh. what the fuck!
What the fuck!
Hey. hey. you good?
No. no. no. no! Patty!
What the fuck?!
What the fuck
is wrong with you?! Huh?
Are you fucking--
It's okay.
Oh. shit. shit!
Ahh! Keep going!
Okay! I'm going!
Just sit down!
Keep going!
Okay!
It's okay.
It's okay. We're okay.
we're okay. we're okay.
Look.
we need to do something.
We need to wait.
And what happens
if they don't come back?
They're out there.
right now. in the woods.
You want to run outside
and get yourself killed?
Would that make
you feel better?
How are you so calm?
I'm not. 'Kay?
But right now. it is our job
to hold our shit together.
No. Fuck that.
Wait. Fatima. Wait.
Hey. stop!
You are in no shape to
go out there right now. Please!
What shape am I in?
You and Kristi have had me here
this whole time. doing puzzles.
What's wrong with me?
What are you not telling me?
God. why won't you--
Fatima?
Oh. no. no. no. no. no. no.
Hey. what's going on?
Fatima?
He's coming.
That thing I gave birth to.
it's coming to the clinic.
It's okay. We're okay.
He can't get inside.
We have--
Oh. shit.
Where is the talisman?
The quake must have
knocked it off the wall.
Where the fuck
is the talisman? Where's...?
- Marielle!
- There!
Okay. get it. get it!
Oh!
Marielle!
Come on! Come on!
Hurry!
Marielle! Marielle! Marielle!
Got it!
Come on! In here!
- Hang the talisman with this!
- Hurry!
Mother.
Get the fuck out!
Stop!
Interesting.
Stay away from me!
No! Please.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
Tell me how to help you.
I'm okay.
I'll be okay.
Here.
Marielle. what do I do?
Tell me what to do!
Where's Kristi?
I need to see Kristi.
I know. I know.
No. Wait.
No. What's that?
- No fucking way.
- Oh. shit.
No. go.
Shit. shit. shit.
- Okay. Come on.
- Go!
Everyone inside!
Inside!
No. no. no. no. no. no!
Go!
- Mari!
- In here!
Baby. hey. Baby.
I'm-- I'm sorry.
You don't have to be sorry.
You're gonna be okay. Okay?
Hey. What do you need?
My bag.
It's in the lobby.
Okay.
I need you to
stay with me. okay?
It's bad. Kristi.
I don't wanna go--
Hey. hey.
I just need you to focus on me.
okay? Just focus on me.
I love you so much.
Mari. please.
Will you kiss me goodbye?
Please?
I need to kiss you
goodbye. please.
No. No.
No. I love you.
I love you!
Elgin. do you understand
what I'm offering you?
It's a chance to go home.
to leave all
of this behind you.
just like I did for Clara.
Pretty soon. this would
all feel like a bad dream
that fades a little more
with each passing day.
And all you would
have to do is help me.
Elgin?
I understand.
And?
Don't look at her.
Look at me.
Do you know why
it's dark outside?
It's because we're
getting close to the end.
It gets very
messy at the end.
I'm trying to
spare you from that.
Elgin.
Honestly...
where do you
think you're going?
There's nowhere
for you to hide.
Give me your hands.
Don't make me say it twice.
I'm gonna ask you
one last time:
would you like to
accept my bargain?
Precious Blood. Word of God.
You are my eternal salvation.
Lost in sin.
You liberated me.
- You lifted me from perdition...
- You people and your prayers.
Treasuring my feeble soul.
I--
Aah!
Oh. look.
The sun's back.
Get rid of the body.
How?
That's not my problem.
What happens next?
Now. I light the match.
and I watch it burn.
I'll see you soon. Clara.
You okay. Henry?
It turned dark
in the middle of the day.
Yeah. Uh. that's new.
This can't be real.
How can this be real?
Henry.
I think you need to go down
to the Sheriff's Station.
check on Victor.
make sure he's all right.
Yeah.
I'm just gonna-- uh.
straighten up here
a bit first and...
You want any help?
I...
I think I can manage.
Okay.
Just let me know
if you need anything.
Yeah.
Donna?
Yeah?
Why does Victor
have bullets?
Oh. he used to carry around
a gun in his lunchbox.
Boyd took it away.
And where is it now?
Down at the Sheriff's Station.
I imagine.
Once you accept
that it's a dream.
the dream is gonna provide you
with everything that you need.
Henry?
Henry...
...go see your son.
Yeah.
- Okay?
- Yeah. sure.
Where's everybody else?
They went up
to Colony House.
I just came back to make
sure you all got here okay.
What happened?
Marielle tried to
defend me. but he just...
And then. what?
Fatima?
He left.
He just smiled at me
and he left.
You okay?
Where's Kristi?
She-- She's in the. um...
Kristi?
I-- I...
I...
Hey. Kristi...
Okay. okay.
I don't...
Okay. we'll be okay.
I'm right here.
Okay.
Jesus!
What the fuck did we do?
They're back!
No. no. no. no. no!
Stay on the porch!
Get her inside.
Where's Tabitha?
We didn't get a signal.
I don't know where they are.
Where's Mom?
Julie?
I don't...
Ethan...
Ethan. please!
Boyd?
Kenny?
Victor?
Henry.
Hey.
Did you need something?
No. I was just. uh.
looking for Victor.
Did you see the lightning?
Yeah. it was
kinda hard to miss.
I gotta go. Sorry.
Uh. see ya.
She's not
coming back. is she?
Ethan...
your mom and
Jade were still in the--
It's happening again!
Ethan... Okay.
Go. go. go. go!
Ethan!
No! Ethan!
Ethan. stop.
No! Mom promised
she'd come back! She promised!
I know. I know.
She said she was
gonna get us home!
And now. she's gone!
And Dad's gone.
And soon you'll be gone!
No. no. no!
Everyone here is gonna die.
and I'm gonna be here alone!
- But I can't--
- No!
I don't want to!
No. you are not
going to be alone!
You will never
be alone. Ethan!
You're lying!
That's what she said!
I can't--
Listen to me. Listen.
We are gonna look out
for each other. okay?
You and me. we're gonna
take care of each other.
How?
I don't know.
But we're gonna
figure it out together.
Okay?
Okay. Come here.
Hey.
Not the kind day
we hoped for. was it?
Victor was right.
We never should
have pulled that tree.
What are
we gonna do now?
I don't know.
Boyd?
We need to go back.
What?
The bones are
still down there.
- Look. we can't--
- No. no. no.
You told people
that those bones
were the key to
getting us outta here.
We can't just stop now.
We have to go back and get them.
And-- And do what?
- Wha--
- Even if we had them.
we don't know how to use them!
The only people who knew
anything about them
went down into those tunnels.
and they didn't come out.
This place got exactly
what it fucking wanted.
Is there any chance
they survived?
How. Kenny?
There's one exit
out of that chamber.
One!
If they were alive--
God damn it!
If they were alive.
they'd be here right now.
No. we can't just give up!
All right. then tell me
how to move forward. okay?
Please. Anybody. Tell me!
We just made
the sun go down!
We fucking tore a hole in
the goddamn sky with lightning!
Who the fuck
even knows what that means!
So. what are
we supposed to do
that could possibly
make anything better?
Boyd--
We lost three people today!
- I'm not going-- What?!
- Boyd! Stop!
Listen.
Are you...?
What the...?
Shit.
You see that?
Come on.
Ahh... fuck!
Fuck.
That's it.
The battery's dead.
Do you think
it went through?
Even if it did.
they'd still have to find us.
I'm so sorry.
I never should have--
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
Don't give up.
do you understand?
We're not dying here.
It won't break.
But we can dig.
We dig until we get under them.
It's worth a shot.
All right.
What you did
back there.
what you were
willing to do...
I just wanted
to say thank you.
Well. you know
what they say:
women and children first.
You're welcome.
Okay. here we go.
Okay. come on.
Down.
Watch your step.
Easy now.
Yeah.
Okay.
Are you gonna be okay?
Yeah. I'll be fine.
All right. Okay.
I'm gonna head down
with her. to the church.
Anything you need.
do you understand?
Yeah.
Come.
Why?
Come. come.
We got a signal.
- What?
Yeah. from Tabitha
and Jade's radio.
So. they're alive?
I'm going back to find out.
You're going
to the tunnels.
- Yeah.
- All right. I'm coming with you.
I'm going by myself.
I'm not risking
anybody else's life today.
No. Dad.
what if they're hurt?
I mean. how are you gonna
carry both of them by yourself?
- I'll figure it out.
- Are you sure that signal
even came from Jade and Tabitha?
Exactly. look. I mean. these
things are smart. Dad. okay?
What if they're just trying to
bait you out there?
- I'm going with you.
- We're both going.
All right.
let's just everybody--
No. Boyd. I can feel
them when they're close.
What?
I knew that thing
was coming to the clinic.
I sensed it
before we saw it. If I'm--
if I'm down there with you.
then maybe I can warn you.
Hello?
Is anyone here?
Dad?
Are you in there?
Yeah.
Hey. Today was scary.
Yes.
Nothing like that
ever happened before.
Why are you sitting
in here all alone?
I'm just... thinking.
Did I do
something wrong?
What?
You were different before.
You were happy.
We dragged a bed in here.
so that we could be roommates.
Yeah.
And then. I told you
about the man in yellow.
I showed you
that picture. and I...
I ruined it.
No.
Son. you--
you didn't ruin it.
The problem is...
...it was never real.
Why do you have that?
I've seen what's real.
Victor. and I need to go back.
You begged me to come back.
You have a son.
Victor. you were happy.
Dad...
Dad. something
here's lied to you.
I've been lying to myself.
- Dad!
- All of these years--
- Dad. please!
- It's time to stop.
I'm so sorry.
Victor!
- What?
- No! Run!
Why are you doing this?!
You said that we'd be okay!
You said that you
would protect me!
Why did you
come here and do this?!
- I'm sorr--
- Why?!
Why?!
Did you get them?
Good girl.
Okay.
All right.
So. how does this work?
I'm not sure.
It's a little
different every time.
Okay. well. let's just
all stay close together.
If anything goes wrong down
there. anything.
you two run.
You understand me?
No questions. no arguments.
Promise me.
Promise.
You?
Okay.
Hey.
All right.
Fuck. We can't do this
with our hands.
We need those
goddamn shovels.
We use the bones.
What?
Yeah. to dig.
we can use the bones.
If we don't move these bars.
we're gonna die here.
Stop! Stop.
All right. Come on.
It's hard to
believe this is real.
that these bones were
actually children once.
and that we were--
I know. I know. I know.
This was her.
This was her!
Oh. fuck.
- They know where they are.
- What?
Creatures. they know where
Jade and Tabitha are.
We need to hurry.
Come on.
Okay. we need to get
the fuck out of here.
No. wait!
You fucking
piece of shit! Fuck!
Fuck you! You fucking...
Go. go!
I'm not going to fucking
die down here
for a fucking piece
of shit!
- Jade!
- Boyd!
- Hey!
- Boyd! Thank Jesus!
Oh! Come on.
They're getting close.
Help me out. Help me.
Come on!
Boyd!
Hey. go to the back
of the cell.
Move. move.
All right.
Hey. Okay.
Come on.
- Come on!
- Here. take it!
Gimme. gimme.
Take the bag.
Easy. Here we go.
There you go.
Take this.
No. easy. Okay. Okay.
Come on. come on.
They're here.
You have to go.
What?
I can buy you time.
What the fuck are
you talking about?
Remember who I was.
No.
Go! Go!
Wait! Wait!
No! Dad. no! Please!
Fatima. no!
Wow. look at you.
all grown up.
They have the bones.
But the Bottle Tree
is gone.
You're gonna lose this time.
I've always
admired your optimism.
I guess we'll see.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-